Alright, so let's go through two
solutions to the no spam challenge I
talked about, in the previous video. So
how did you get on with it? Did you have
fun solving the challenge? Now your
solution may be different to mine. What's
important is that you got the correct
items printed out. Alright, so I'm gonna
start with a solution that removes the
spam from each of the inner lists.
And we saw code how to do that, in earlier videos.
So starting down here, on line 12.
We're going to create a for loop that
iterates over the menu, and that'll give
us each of the inner lists in turn. So I'm
gonna type for meal in menu: Now inside
this loop, we're going to use another for
loop to process each meal. So I'm going
to type for space index in range left
parenthesis len, left parenthesis meal,
right parentheses minus 1 comma minus 1 comma
minus 1, right parenthesis and a colon.
Now we want to remove items from the list, so
we have to work backwards through the
list, and that's why we've done the for
loop like that. Next we test to see if we
found spam, and delete it, if we have. So
on this, line 14, I'm going to type if meal,
left square bracket index right
square bracket, is equal to, two equal
signs, spam in double quotes colon. Then
on line 15, del meal with index in left
and right square brackets. So now that
we've done that, when the inner loop
terminates we should have a list with no
spam. So let's print that out, in the
outer loop. We'll do that on line 17, so
we'll come back here,
and it needs to be the same level as the
for loop on line 13, print parentheses meal.
Now if we put the print inside the
inner loop, your list will be printed
each time around. We only want to print
it after we've finished removing spam from the list.
Alright, so let's run the program
and check that there are eight meals and
that none of them contain spam, and you
can see the output confirms that's the case.
Now the output uses the default
string representation of a list.
That means that each meal is enclosed in
square brackets. Now that
may not be what you want. I'm going to
show you a way to deal with that, in the
next video. For now though, that's one solution.
What I'm going to do is comment out that code, then
create another loop to use the second approach.
So I'll start with for meal in menu,
like we did before, colon
Now, we're not going to mutate the list, this
time. That means we can work forwards
through the meals. So I'm going to type
for item in meal:
The next line, if item is not equal to
exclamation mark and equal sign,
spam in double quotes colon. Then we're going
to print parentheses item. Then line 23,
I'm going to go back to the same level
as the for loop on line 20, and type
print left and right parentheses only. Alright,
so there's the code for the second
approach. So we run it now. So you can see
here, we've got similar output.
Eight meals, all without spam. So if your
solution produced the correct results,
then well done. The items for each meal
are on a separate line here, though,
which isn't ideal. We'll see how to fix that,
in the next few videos.